Technological-Reflection
Technology drives society because if you look in history, you will see most societal changes came as a result of things being invented. For example, water became accessible in Ancient Rome when the aqueducts were invented, which forever changed Rome in terms of health and sanitation until its collapse. The reason I chose to study technology is because of how rapidly it has been changing in recent years. With computers becoming as powerful as they are, there are endless possibilities concerning what can be done with them. I remember I used to convince myself that the seemingly pointless equations and functions we learned in math class were going to be useless, but the fact is they aren’t. Computers can take those calculations and crunch them in a nanosecond, and can be used in any field from astronomy to physics to medicine. The 3D models I’m so passionate about animating are nothing more than a collection of vertices in a three-dimensional grid; it is math that connects them all to form the textures planes, and math that moves them to create animations. 
In answer to the question, ‘can you live without technology,’ the answer is no on all levels. Technology, although commonly associated with smartphones, Wifi, computers and the like, is everything made that serves a function. Spoons are technology. Clothes, tables, farming tools, cars, bowls, and mousetraps are technology. Try to imagine your life without any of those things. Without technology, we’d be naked cavemen without cooked medicine and with a life expectancy of under 40 years. 
It’s hard to predict what the future of technology will look like because we always assume that we’re at the pinnacle of human understanding, that it can’t get any better than this. If I had to make a guess I would say quantum computing. Although it sounds like science fiction, there have been big steps made towards it recently. One of the Nobel Peace Prizes was won this year by a group of physicists who conducted experiments in quantum entanglement, which can be used to change the state of another particle no matter how far away it is instantly. With enough research and development, this could be a way for instant cross-galaxy communication.

